Sniffles	;	https://i.imgur.com/iUynBxS.jpg	;	3	;	f	;	I is so sneezy!	;	t	;	2
Sierra	;	https://i.imgur.com/uNShk3j.jpg	;	4	;	t	;	One for all and all for one, Muskehounds are always ready. One for all and all for one, helping everybody. One for all and all for one, it’s a pretty story. Sharing everything with fun, that’s the way to be. One for all and all for one, Muskehounds are always ready. One for all and all for one, helping everybody. One for all and all for one, can sound pretty corny. If you’ve got a problem chum, think how it could be. 	;	t	;	2
Nautilus	;	https://i.imgur.com/SUOMyUT.jpg	;	3	;	t	;	Top Cat! The most effectual Top Cat! Who’s intellectual close friends get to call him T.C., providing it’s with dignity. Top Cat! The indisputable leader of the gang. He’s the boss, he’s a pip, he’s the championship. He’s the most tip top, Top Cat. 	;	t	;	2
Shadow	;	https://i.imgur.com/62a4Gk5.jpg	;	6	;	f	;	Cat milk copy park pee walk owner escape bored tired cage droppings sick vet vomit yowling nonstop the whole night and purr when give birth. Please stop looking at your phone and pet me bury the poop bury it deep. Ooh, are those your $250 dollar sandals? lemme use that as my litter box flex claws on the human's belly and purr like a lawnmower for plan your travel. Spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce my left donut is missing, as is my right and lick arm hair pretend not to be evil purrrrrr what the heck just happened, something feels fishy but lick face hiss at owner, pee a lot, and meow repeatedly scratch at fence purrrrrr eat muffins and poutine until owner comes back. Pounce on unsuspecting person.	;	t	;	2
Jade	;	https://i.imgur.com/bkeH2Uz.jpg	;	6	;	f	;	Cuddle no cuddle cuddle love scratch scratch sit on the laptop spill litter box, scratch at owner, destroy all furniture, especially couch. Snob you for another person. Flex claws on the human's belly and purr like a lawnmower drink from the toilet but claws in your leg yet jumps off balcony gives owner dead mouse at present then poops in litter box snatches yarn and fights with dog cat chases laser then plays in grass finds tiny spot in cupboard and sleeps all day jumps in bathtub and meows when owner fills food dish the cat knocks over the food dish cat slides down the water slide and into pool and swims even though it does not like water so pushed the mug off the table.	;	t	;	2
Fergie	;	https://i.imgur.com/qIwm8vw.jpg	;	7	;	t	;	Fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy) dead stare with ears cocked for trip on catnip rub face on everything touch my tail, i shred your hand purrrr the door is opening! how exciting oh, it's you, meh.	;	t	;	2
Penelope	;	https://i.imgur.com/8mOL7uC.jpg	;	1	;	t	;	Tuxedo cats always looking dapper cry louder at reflection mess up all the toilet paper i is not fat, i is fluffy, for no, you can't close the door, i haven't decided whether or not i wanna go out intrigued by the shower, yet fish i must find my red catnip fishy fish.	;	t	;	2
Perry	;	https://i.imgur.com/moUGviH.jpg	;	5	;	t	;	Cat meoooow i iz master of hoomaan, not hoomaan master of i, oooh damn dat dog soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr lick yarn hanging out of own butt destroy the blinds relentlessly pursues moth but plan your travel while happily ignoring when being called. Just going to dip my paw in your coffee and do a taste test - oh never mind i forgot i don't like coffee - you can have that back now asdflkjaertvlkjasntvkjn (sits on keyboard)	;	t	;	2
Chester	;	https://i.imgur.com/1Z81mtG.jpg	;	4	;	f	;	mmmmmmmmmeeeeeeeeooooooooowwwwwwww, or when owners are asleep, cry for no apparent reason so swat at dog i shredded your linens for you meowwww. Cats secretly make all the worlds muffins attack dog, run away and pretend to be victim eats owners hair then claws head and jump five feet high and sideways when a shadow moves but catching very fast laser pointer.	;	t	;	2
Dazzle	;	https://i.imgur.com/8knha13.jpg	;	8	;	t	;	Sleeping in the box car rides are evil. Chirp at birds demand to have some of whatever the human is cooking, then sniff the offering and walk away attack dog, run away and pretend to be victim kitty scratches couch bad kitty meow meow you are my owner so here is a dead rat who's the baby i just saw other cats inside the house and nobody ask me before using my litter box. Taco cat backwards spells taco cat taco cat backwards spells taco cat or kitty or curl into a furry donut or meoooow and eat all the power cords. Attack the dog then pretend like nothing happened.	;	t	;	2
Chewie	;	https://i.imgur.com/V6OvK61.jpg	;	5	;	t	;	The cat was chasing the mouse pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space sniff other cat's butt and hang jaw half open thereafter for munch on tasty moths. Kitty poochy why dog in house? i'm the sole ruler of this home and its inhabitants smelly, stupid dogs, inferior furballs time for night-hunt, human freakout, or head nudges for poop on couch instead of drinking water from the cat bowl, make sure to steal water from the toilet allways wanting food attack the child. Adventure always run around the house at 4 in the morning but ignore the squirrels, you'll never catch them anyway.	;	t	;	2
Ducky	;	https://i.imgur.com/6dYB6t9.jpg	;	7	;	f	;	What the heck just happened, something feels fishy sleep everywhere, but not in my bed ask to go outside and ask to come inside and ask to go outside and ask to come inside scratch at the door then walk away. You are a captive audience while sitting on the toilet, pet me when in doubt, wash for scoot butt on the rug, flex claws on the human's belly and purr like a lawnmower, purr so stare at the wall, play with food and get confused by dust and this is the day .	;	t	;	2
Pumpkin	;	https://i.imgur.com/NvxCude.jpg	;	3	;	f	;	Dog snacks kitten is playing with dead mouse chase imaginary bugs, yet carefully drink from water glass and then spill it everywhere and proceed to lick the puddle see owner, run in terror but paw at beetle and eat it before it gets away hell is other people. Scream at teh bath why dog in house? i'm the sole ruler of this home and its inhabitants smelly, stupid dogs, inferior furballs time for night-hunt, human freakout. Attack the dog then pretend like nothing happened disappear for four days and return home with an expensive injury, bite the vet have my breakfast spaghetti yarn.	;	t	;	1
Nova	;	https://i.imgur.com/OfbE1l0.jpg	;	6	;	f	;	Brown dogs with pink ears eat the rubberband but sniff all the things human give me attention meow or human give me attention meow. Open the door, let me out, let me out, let me-out, let me-aow, let meaow, meaow! if it fits, i sits. To pet a cat, rub its belly, endure blood and agony, quietly weep, keep rubbing belly hate dog i do no work yet get food, shelter, and lots of stuff just like man who lives with us destroy the blinds, but demand to be let outside at once, and expect owner to wait for me as i think about it so attempt to leap between furniture but woefully miscalibrate and bellyflop onto the floor, what's your problem? i meant to do that now i shall wash myself intently but stinky cat. Spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum eat a plant, kill a hand.	;	t	;	1
Zelda	;	https://i.imgur.com/lGy1Vlf.jpg	;	8	;	t	;	Curl into a furry donut allways wanting food but leave buried treasure in the sandbox for the toddlers. Crash against wall but walk away like nothing happened slap kitten brother with paw. Hide from vacuum cleaner litter box is life if it smells like fish eat as much as you wish. Find box a little too small and curl up with fur hanging out kitten is playing with dead mouse, side-eyes your "jerk" other hand while being petted .	;	t	;	1
Ash	;	https://i.imgur.com/VBMdeqz.jpg	;	11	;	t	;	Get my claw stuck in the dog's ear leave hair everywhere, yet lie in the sink all day. This human feeds me, i should be a god the fat cat sat on the mat bat away with paws attack the dog then pretend like nothing happened or cat meoooow i iz master of hoomaan, not hoomaan master of i, oooh damn dat dog. Cuddle no cuddle cuddle love scratch scratch destroy couch as revenge, for if it fits i sits yet get scared by sudden appearance of cucumber leave hair on owner's clothes or pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms.	;	t	;	1
Peanut	;	https://i.imgur.com/d1ADoj9.jpg	;	6	;	t	;	Meow meow we are 3 small kittens sleeping most of our time, we are around 15 weeks old i think, i don’t know i can’t count cats secretly make all the worlds muffins so the cat was chasing the mouse yet grab pompom in mouth and put in water dish. Tweeting a baseball pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space murr i hate humans they are so annoying lick yarn hanging out of own butt. Loves cheeseburgers. What the heck just happened, something feels fishy meow in empty rooms but i cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun and mew mew.	;	t	;	1
Buster	;	https://i.imgur.com/OoCwlxU.jpg	;	7	;	t	;	Mutley, you snickering, floppy eared hound. When courage is needed, you’re never around. Those medals you wear on your moth-eaten chest should be there for bungling at which you are best. So, stop that pigeon, stop that pigeon, stop that pigeon, stop that pigeon, stop that pigeon, stop that pigeon, stop that pigeon. Howwww! Nab him, jab him, tab him, grab him, stop that pigeon now. 	;	t	;	1
Sparky	;	https://i.imgur.com/2erFG1M.jpg	;	8	;	f	;	Cats woo. Leave dead animals as gifts cats are a queer kind of folk. Cat jumps and falls onto the couch purrs and wakes up in a new dimension filled with kitty litter meow meow yummy there is a bunch of cats hanging around eating catnip good now the other hand, too but kitty run to human with blood on mouth from frenzied attack on poor innocent mouse, don't i look cute?. Small kitty warm kitty little balls of fur pushed the mug off the table so nyan fluffness ahh cucumber! yet is good you understand your place in my world white cat sleeps on a black shirt but purrr purr littel cat, little cat purr purr. Leave fur on owners clothes where is it?	;	t	;	1
Miso	;	https://i.imgur.com/UtGcYpR.jpg	;	3	;	t	;	i saw that bird i need to bring it home to mommy squirrel! hack up furballs. Proudly present butt to human hunt anything that moves grass smells good open the door, let me out, let me out, let me-out, let me-aow, let meaow, meaow! yet small kitty warm kitty little balls of fur so head nudges sniff other cat's butt and hang jaw half open thereafter. Is good you understand your place in my world found somthing move i bite it tail or purrr purr littel cat, little cat purr purr. Cough furball lay on arms while you're using the keyboard. Stare at ceiling light brown cats with pink ears but russian blue.	;	t	;	1
Madison	;	https://i.imgur.com/skwFg0N.jpg	;	5	;	t	;	Cat milk copy park pee walk owner escape bored tired cage droppings sick vet vomit yowling nonstop the whole night and purr when give birth. Please stop looking at your phone and pet me bury the poop bury it deep. Ooh, are those your $250 dollar sandals? lemme use that as my litter box flex claws on the human's belly and purr like a lawnmower for plan your travel. Spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce my left donut is missing, as is my right and lick arm hair pretend not to be evil purrrrrr what the heck just happened, something feels fishy but lick face hiss at owner, pee a lot, and meow repeatedly scratch at fence purrrrrr eat muffins and poutine until owner comes back. Pounce on unsuspecting person.	;	t	;	1
Wilber	;	https://i.imgur.com/g9ZmFt9.jpg	;	12	;	f	;	Cuddle no cuddle cuddle love scratch scratch sit on the laptop spill litter box, scratch at owner, destroy all furniture, especially couch. Snob you for another person. Flex claws on the human's belly and purr like a lawnmower drink from the toilet but claws in your leg yet jumps off balcony gives owner dead mouse at present then poops in litter box snatches yarn and fights with dog cat chases laser then plays in grass finds tiny spot in cupboard and sleeps all day jumps in bathtub and meows when owner fills food dish the cat knocks over the food dish cat slides down the water slide and into pool and swims even though it does not like water so pushed the mug off the table.	;	t	;	1
Athena	;	https://i.imgur.com/HVYCuUy.jpg	;	13	;	t	;	Fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy) dead stare with ears cocked for trip on catnip rub face on everything touch my tail, i shred your hand purrrr the door is opening! how exciting oh, it's you, meh.	;	t	;	1
Beast	;	https://i.imgur.com/J3YfkSP.jpg	;	6	;	f	;	Tuxedo cats always looking dapper cry louder at reflection mess up all the toilet paper i is not fat, i is fluffy, for no, you can't close the door, i haven't decided whether or not i wanna go out intrigued by the shower, yet fish i must find my red catnip fishy fish.	;	t	;	1
Bentley	;	https://i.imgur.com/UbPPfWg.jpg	;	7	;	t	;	Cat meoooow i iz master of hoomaan, not hoomaan master of i, oooh damn dat dog soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr lick yarn hanging out of own butt destroy the blinds relentlessly pursues moth but plan your travel while happily ignoring when being called. Just going to dip my paw in your coffee and do a taste test - oh never mind i forgot i don't like coffee - you can have that back now asdflkjaertvlkjasntvkjn (sits on keyboard)	;	t	;	1
Daisy	;	https://i.imgur.com/SpLfkeZ.jpg	;	8	;	f	;	mmmmmmmmmeeeeeeeeooooooooowwwwwwww, or when owners are asleep, cry for no apparent reason so swat at dog i shredded your linens for you meowwww. Cats secretly make all the worlds muffins attack dog, run away and pretend to be victim eats owners hair then claws head and jump five feet high and sideways when a shadow moves but catching very fast laser pointer.	;	t	;	1
Darcey	;	https://i.imgur.com/BpRnUag.jpg	;	6	;	f	;	Sleeping in the box car rides are evil. Chirp at birds demand to have some of whatever the human is cooking, then sniff the offering and walk away attack dog, run away and pretend to be victim kitty scratches couch bad kitty meow meow you are my owner so here is a dead rat who's the baby i just saw other cats inside the house and nobody ask me before using my litter box. Taco cat backwards spells taco cat taco cat backwards spells taco cat or kitty or curl into a furry donut or meoooow and eat all the power cords. Attack the dog then pretend like nothing happened.	;	t	;	1
Olaf	;	https://i.imgur.com/zAedCet.jpg	;	4	;	f	;	The cat was chasing the mouse pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space sniff other cat's butt and hang jaw half open thereafter for munch on tasty moths. Kitty poochy why dog in house? i'm the sole ruler of this home and its inhabitants smelly, stupid dogs, inferior furballs time for night-hunt, human freakout, or head nudges for poop on couch instead of drinking water from the cat bowl, make sure to steal water from the toilet allways wanting food attack the child. Adventure always run around the house at 4 in the morning but ignore the squirrels, you'll never catch them anyway.	;	t	;	1
Fettucini	;	https://i.imgur.com/1OTgRWT.jpg	;	9	;	t	;	What the heck just happened, something feels fishy sleep everywhere, but not in my bed ask to go outside and ask to come inside and ask to go outside and ask to come inside scratch at the door then walk away. You are a captive audience while sitting on the toilet, pet me when in doubt, wash for scoot butt on the rug, flex claws on the human's belly and purr like a lawnmower, purr so stare at the wall, play with food and get confused by dust and this is the day .	;	t	;	1
Spike	;	https://i.imgur.com/J96HKVw.jpg	;	5	;	f	;	Dog snacks kitten is playing with dead mouse chase imaginary bugs, yet carefully drink from water glass and then spill it everywhere and proceed to lick the puddle see owner, run in terror but paw at beetle and eat it before it gets away hell is other people. Scream at teh bath why dog in house? i'm the sole ruler of this home and its inhabitants smelly, stupid dogs, inferior furballs time for night-hunt, human freakout. Attack the dog then pretend like nothing happened disappear for four days and return home with an expensive injury, bite the vet have my breakfast spaghetti yarn.	;	t	;	1
Badger	;	https://i.imgur.com/3NO5H9x.jpg	;	8	;	f	;	Brown dogs with pink ears eat the rubberband but sniff all the things human give me attention meow or human give me attention meow. Open the door, let me out, let me out, let me-out, let me-aow, let meaow, meaow! if it fits, i sits. To pet a cat, rub its belly, endure blood and agony, quietly weep, keep rubbing belly hate dog i do no work yet get food, shelter, and lots of stuff just like man who lives with us destroy the blinds, but demand to be let outside at once, and expect owner to wait for me as i think about it so attempt to leap between furniture but woefully miscalibrate and bellyflop onto the floor, what's your problem? i meant to do that now i shall wash myself intently but stinky cat. Spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum eat a plant, kill a hand.	;	t	;	1
Jack	;	https://i.imgur.com/zXdjvOH.jpg	;	5	;	t	;	Curl into a furry donut allways wanting food but leave buried treasure in the sandbox for the toddlers. Crash against wall but walk away like nothing happened slap kitten brother with paw. Hide from vacuum cleaner litter box is life if it smells like fish eat as much as you wish. Find box a little too small and curl up with fur hanging out kitten is playing with dead mouse, side-eyes your "jerk" other hand while being petted .	;	t	;	1
Clementine	;	https://i.imgur.com/sakw8r6.jpg	;	9	;	t	;	Get my claw stuck in the dog's ear leave hair everywhere, yet lie in the sink all day. This human feeds me, i should be a god the fat cat sat on the mat bat away with paws attack the dog then pretend like nothing happened or cat meoooow i iz master of hoomaan, not hoomaan master of i, oooh damn dat dog. Cuddle no cuddle cuddle love scratch scratch destroy couch as revenge, for if it fits i sits yet get scared by sudden appearance of cucumber leave hair on owner's clothes or pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms.	;	t	;	1
Silas	;	https://i.imgur.com/7Kvr3pR.jpg	;	6	;	f	;	Meow meow we are 3 small kittens sleeping most of our time, we are around 15 weeks old i think, i don’t know i can’t count cats secretly make all the worlds muffins so the cat was chasing the mouse yet grab pompom in mouth and put in water dish. Tweeting a baseball pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space murr i hate humans they are so annoying lick yarn hanging out of own butt. Loves cheeseburgers. What the heck just happened, something feels fishy meow in empty rooms but i cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun and mew mew.	;	t	;	1
Claude	;	https://i.imgur.com/LcX57cp.jpg	;	4	;	t	;	Mutley, you snickering, floppy eared hound. When courage is needed, you’re never around. Those medals you wear on your moth-eaten chest should be there for bungling at which you are best. So, stop that pigeon, stop that pigeon, stop that pigeon, stop that pigeon, stop that pigeon, stop that pigeon, stop that pigeon. Howwww! Nab him, jab him, tab him, grab him, stop that pigeon now. 	;	t	;	1
Delilah	;	https://i.imgur.com/HLAcLvz.jpg	;	6	;	f	;	Cats woo. Leave dead animals as gifts cats are a queer kind of folk. Cat jumps and falls onto the couch purrs and wakes up in a new dimension filled with kitty litter meow meow yummy there is a bunch of cats hanging around eating catnip good now the other hand, too but kitty run to human with blood on mouth from frenzied attack on poor innocent mouse, don't i look cute?. Small kitty warm kitty little balls of fur pushed the mug off the table so nyan fluffness ahh cucumber! yet is good you understand your place in my world white cat sleeps on a black shirt but purrr purr littel cat, little cat purr purr. Leave fur on owners clothes where is it?	;	t	;	1
Jasper	;	https://i.imgur.com/MlWXx8e.jpg	;	4	;	f	;	i saw that bird i need to bring it home to mommy squirrel! hack up furballs. Proudly present butt to human hunt anything that moves grass smells good open the door, let me out, let me out, let me-out, let me-aow, let meaow, meaow! yet small kitty warm kitty little balls of fur so head nudges sniff other cat's butt and hang jaw half open thereafter. Is good you understand your place in my world found somthing move i bite it tail or purrr purr littel cat, little cat purr purr. Cough furball lay on arms while you're using the keyboard. Stare at ceiling light brown cats with pink ears but russian blue.	;	t	;	1
Dumpling	;	https://i.imgur.com/w9FjmFZ.jpg	;	8	;	f	;	Cat milk copy park pee walk owner escape bored tired cage droppings sick vet vomit yowling nonstop the whole night and purr when give birth. Please stop looking at your phone and pet me bury the poop bury it deep. Ooh, are those your $250 dollar sandals? lemme use that as my litter box flex claws on the human's belly and purr like a lawnmower for plan your travel. Spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce my left donut is missing, as is my right and lick arm hair pretend not to be evil purrrrrr what the heck just happened, something feels fishy but lick face hiss at owner, pee a lot, and meow repeatedly scratch at fence purrrrrr eat muffins and poutine until owner comes back. Pounce on unsuspecting person.	;	t	;	1
Atticus	;	https://i.imgur.com/VmxGhsU.jpg	;	7	;	f	;	Cuddle no cuddle cuddle love scratch scratch sit on the laptop spill litter box, scratch at owner, destroy all furniture, especially couch. Snob you for another person. Flex claws on the human's belly and purr like a lawnmower drink from the toilet but claws in your leg yet jumps off balcony gives owner dead mouse at present then poops in litter box snatches yarn and fights with dog cat chases laser then plays in grass finds tiny spot in cupboard and sleeps all day jumps in bathtub and meows when owner fills food dish the cat knocks over the food dish cat slides down the water slide and into pool and swims even though it does not like water so pushed the mug off the table.	;	t	;	1
Dollop	;	https://i.imgur.com/5udbxx2.jpg	;	3	;	t	;	Fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy) dead stare with ears cocked for trip on catnip rub face on everything touch my tail, i shred your hand purrrr the door is opening! how exciting oh, it's you, meh.	;	t	;	1
Fido; https://i.imgur.com/3NEapy2.jpg; 7; t; This is an adoption story; t; 1
Kitty; https://i.imgur.com/62a4Gk5.jpg; 4; f; This is a cat's adoption story; t; 2
Smaug; https://i.imgur.com/bF8n4fC.jpg;; f; This is a dragon's adoption story; f; 3
Uni the Unicorn; https://i.imgur.com/cryx8S2.jpg;; t; Uni is a sad unicorn; t; 3
Chip; https://i.imgur.com/kjQqzFJ.jpg; 1; f; Chip is a kitten; t; 2
Hunter; https://i.imgur.com/oo67PIH.jpg; 3; t; Hunter loves to play fetch; t; 1
Gunther; https://i.imgur.com/VA0ndKa.jpg; 99; t; Gunther is a gnome who would love to go home with you!; t; 3
Derpderp; https://i.imgur.com/ThWoXl7.jpg; 5; f; He's a little goofy looking, but full of love.; f; 1
Emerald; https://i.imgur.com/bkeH2Uz.jpg; 8; t; Those green eyes are looking at you for a forever home!; t; 2
Sasquatch; https://i.imgur.com/DjIG0g0.jpg; 50; f; Sas is currently missing. Have you spotted him?; f; 3
Cordial; https://i.imgur.com/skwFg0N.jpg; 4; t; She's a good pup!; t; 1